here at my command when a person fails when a sailor fails, Um, it's very
unfortunate. However, uh is growth. We deal with it by allowing
the sailor to fail, um, and then asking the questions, You know what
happened? How can we help? Um, and this brings out a conversation where
they're able to speak about their failure and then learn from their
failure. Um, I believe in second chances. If you're not failing,
if you're not, uh, making mistakes, um, then you're not growing. Um,
I don't believe that it's a weakness if you fail. Um, it's part of
maybe some challenges, but myself, As a senior listed leader, I, um
I accept it and allow that person to grow from it.